hello and her then in the chat and
here today the leno has to box over
this is a media market
offer and that consists of the following
the lenovo ideapad es 6000 and the
matching bluetooth keyboard
the whole is currently in media
market for 399 euros
but you can also use the ideapad
Buy individual for 299 euros
keyboard is said to cost but scarce
120 if you have bought media market
on offer and we want the whole thing
just look like you have seen
We are here first
lenovo ideapad always very short
thereon we have here
Android tablet with a 10.1 inch
ips display apps for all who do not
knowledge is very good that the angle
The device is stable at the age of 26
times 18 inches and we have here
a thickness of only 7 mm 6
The device is equipped with a
dual quadcore processor as well as with 1.2
gigahertz
we have a 3g module that means
we can also insert a card for
mobile radio and thus on the way to
we have surfing on the go
ideapad it's already 6000 gigabytes
Memory tear is expandable around yet
times 64 gb 128
we can work with that
the whole time we have it
a camera the camera has a front
resolution of only 0.2 megapixels that is
not much talk for skype
Well, you can at least try it
We have the mobile phone camera that triggers with 5
megapixel on the whole here consists of
plastic but here we still have
what rips a bit more stable here
downstairs so in piano lacquer look we have
here are the speakers here at the side
we can not have anything up here
we turn it on and off
you can see it and here we have it
bad cards we have micro-usb
have micro hdmi and then another
because as I said the place for the gps
card yes the whole as I said but um
that sucks to look
Lenovo actually has the surface
almost only a few small ones left
Adjustments like you see here
is it a pure android one has
Explicitly, something bigger is dispensed with
which I personally always build over
I think it's very nice
supple in my opinion is yet
Open up and you see the whole thing
running
Pretty nice as I said for a price of
299 euro , you really can not do much
against say
this price is definitely in the class
justified but it also has one
be unboxing and that's why we come
out here instruction
we have our micro usb cable here
USB connection and the right plug
and I think so too
so far so there is not much left now
no headphones or something good
witty end effect on out and here
we come then as it has said yes
This bundle comes from media market
then to the keyboard and we had
We already had them tomorrow
freshly packed that they can have here
We then reset the keyboard with usb
cable and connect the whole and
to separate manual instructions
and then yes pressure point is okay
slightly spongy but I'll tell you
that goes so far for the tablet keyboard
alright we have again
connections and easy to the whole then
to show it as the 1000th
entire skeleton inserted and holds
then connected by itself as I said via
bluetooth bluetooth 4.0 we have
of course I think so too
actually pretty chic for 39 90
is there really nothing against it?
you have to be honest for that
ask if one thereby the gps a
gps card goes in his calling card
and you can also make calls with it
no, that does not work
Phone options is not now one
samsung galaxy tab available but skype
etc so all the whole voice over ip
services work
yes that was a very quick one
an talking and a quick test, thanks
Let's see it for the next one
your applause next time